Abhishek Deo
Milestone 3

Use Case: Allocate points to skills and assign name in new character page.
	
	Primary Actor: 
		The main actor of this use case is the player. The player
		interacts with the character allocation page and establishes 
		an in-game name for themselves.
		
		The interface is user-oriented using a Graphical Display Library.

	Supporting Actor:
		The supporting actor for the use case is the in-game character
		specifically regarding the allocation of points to skills on the
		character.

	Offstage Actor:
		The primary actor uses the supporting actor in the
		system, which in itself is a service. The supporting actor is
		influenced by the number of points assigned to it's skills which is 
		the offstage actor.

	Trigger Event:
		Creating a new character in the game causes this use case to start.
		This use case will be an influencing factor on how the player plays
		the game throughout the whole game.

	Stakeholders:
		There are no stakeholders for this use case because no one other than
		the primary actor themselves are interested in this use case.
	
	Precondition:
		Primary actor starts of with 1 point in all of their respective skills.
		Actor starts out with 8 points to allocate however they like initially
		and has to earn points to further improve their skills.

	Postcondition:
		Primary actor has maxed out the possible number of points available for each
		skill which is 10 in this case.

	Main Success Scenario:
		Player approaches to do a task and is able to perform the operation because the
		player has enough points accumalated for that repective skill. Successfully performing
		tasks generates more points for the player to allocate in their skills.

	Alternative Flows:
		The player will be unable to perform tasks or do operations that have a skill level
		higher than their own. A restriction error will appear stating that the player has too
		low of a specific skill level to perform the task and will let them know how many points they
		need on a specific skill to be able to perform said task.